## GoogleKeepNote Assignment

### Assignment Step Description

In this case study Keep Note Step 7, we will implement and deploy the application  developed in step 6 as set of  microservices  communicating with each other.  
The microservices should communicate with each other using Netflix-Zuul-API-Gateway and should be registered on nexflix-Eureka-naming-Server.
You should also use Netflix-Feign for microsesrvice communication and Netflix-Ribbon for client side load blancing .

In this step, we will create this application in five independently deployed  Micro Services. 
    
        1. AuthenticationService
        2. UserService
        3. NoteService
        4. CategoryService
        5. ReminderService
        
 ######### Steps to be followed for implementing  and deplying application as Micro Services 
 
 
 Select following port to run different MicroServices
 
 Ports
 =========	
Application						Port
	
AuthenticationService			9100, 9101, 9102
User Service					9200 , 9201
Note Service					9300
Category Service				9400
ReminderRervice					9500
Spring Cloud Config Server		8888
Netflix Eureka Naming Server	8761
Netflix Zuul API Gateway Server	8765
 
     
=======================================


You should set following propertes for Microservices


application.propertes for all Services except Eureka server 
========================
  spring.application.name= {{name of the application }} 
  server.port=  {{port number suggested above}}
  
  eureka.client.service-url.default-zone=http://localhost:8761/eureka
  
  
  
  #################################
  
  To run application on multiple port 
  
  In Eclipse IDE ->  Right Click application  -> RunAs => Run Configuration 
  
  VM arguments 
  
   -DServer.port={{portnumber}}
         
 --------------------------------------
  Project Dependencies
  ============================
  
  Project should be created with Spring Initializer (start.spring.io) with follwing dependency
  
  Web, DevTools, Feign, Ribbon, EurekaDiscovery , Zuul
  
  JPA can be taken where persistance is required. 
 
  Note that  For project EurekaNaming server 
  
  Port:8761
  
  Spring Initializer dependency is Eureka Server and not Discovery 
  
### Steps to be followed:

    Step 1: Clone the boilerplate in a specific folder on your local machine and import the same in your eclipse STS
    Step 2: Go thru the readme.md file and implement the code for AuthenticationService and run the test cases.
    Step 3: Go thru the readme.md file and implement the code for UserService and run the test cases.
    Step 4: Go thru the readme.md file and implement the code for NoteService  and run the test cases.
    Step 5: Go thru the readme.md file and implement the code for CategoryService and run the test cases.
    Step 6: Go thru the readme.md file and implement the code for ReminderService and run the test cases.
    

Import point to be taken care in implementaion of MS

Step 7: All communication between different services should be done through Netflix-Feign and client side load balancing should be done using nexflix-Ribbon 

### Project structure

The folders and files you see in this repositories, is how it is expected to be in projects, which are submitted for automated evaluation by Hobbes

    Project
	|
	├── AuthenticationService                   // This is the microservice for User Authentication
	├── NoteService                             // This is the microservice of Note   
	├── CategoryService                         // This is the microservice of Category   
	├── ReminderService                         // This is the microservice of Reminder   
	├── UserService                             // This is the microservice of User   
	├── .gitignore			                    // This file contains a list of file name that are supposed to be ignored by git 
	├── .project			                    // This is automatically generated by eclipse, if this file is removed your eclipse will not recognize this as your eclipse project. 
	└── pom.xml 			                    // This is the parent POM, which holds all the microservice projects.

*** Release 0.1.0 ***

- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> spring boot app to run your Assignment.
- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> JUnit Test to run your Assignment.